[ Playing "Hot Cross Buns"
off-key ]
[ Sniffles ]
[ Music continues ]
Are you seeing this?
Are these people...
...feeling
half of what I'm feeling?
I-It's so beautiful.
It is. It's that beauty,
it's why we're all crying,
including me.
[ Sniffles ]
Thanks.
Look at Bunny.
Couldn't be more proud.
Hold on.
Uh, she's not even playing.
No air coming out of here.
Half these kids
are phoning it in!
And the ones who are playing
definitely should not be.
God, I wish I could
just rip my ears off!
Oh, wait, I can!
[ Grunts, laughs ]
This is much better.
Mary:
This is Alice.
When she was a kid, she dreamed
up me to be her BFF.
Now my girl
has finally fallen in love,
but she's in way over her head,
so I'm back to help.
I've got this
all figured out.
No, you don't.
No, I don't.
-- Captions by VITAC --
Hey, kidlings.
How was school?
Intriguing.
Disgusting.
The school musical this year
is "Grease."
A classic tale of misogyny
and female degradation.
Only if you pay attention
to the message and the words.
It tells women
the only way to get a guy
is to change everything
about yourself!
Through song, which is the best
way to tell anyone anything.
So we have a range
of opinions here.
Andy, if you audition,
you're part of the problem.
Well, at least I'll have
some kind of part.
[ Groans ]
So...
you're thinking about getting
back into the theater game, huh?
Yeah. Maybe.
I-I know I swore it off
after "Les Mis"
when I got the role
of Javert's tailor
and they didn't give me a line
or let me go onstage
and it wasn't
a real part,
but "Grease" is my
favorite musical.
How can I say no
to that?
Totally.
Hey, who's the school
flying in
to operate the
spotlight this year?
Someone
from Spielberg's crew,
or some other expert
from Hollywood, California?
Uh, nah,
some kid'll do it.
Wait, what?
A student? You're telling me
that they allow a student
to operate
the spotlight?
Yeah. Who cares?
Spotlight crew's
for dorks.
You kidding me?
It's a job for only
the coolest individuals,
and the spotlight op is, like,
the most important part
of any stage production.
Really?
Uh, yeah.
Remember when we went
to see "The King and I,"
and the spotlight
lost the King,
and then that whole song
was just "I"?
Yeah,
that was pretty bad.
I guess
it is an important job.
Exactly.
Without the spotlight,
it's just "No One on the Roof."
Plus, th-they made that whole
movie about the spotlight guys.
And i-it even won
an Oscar, right?
Yep.
Yeah.
W-Why be in the spotlight
when I can control
the spotlight?
[ Door opens ]
This is what I'm saying.
Hey, guys. [ Gasps ]
Ooh, "Grease."
Andy, you'd be an awesome
greaser. You trying out?
I want to so bad.
I have to. You know what?
I am!
Maybe I'll do the spotlight crew
next year, Dad.
Spotlight's for dorks.
[ Chuckles ]
That's what I said.
**
What's wrong?
I'm trying to get Andy
not to audition for "Grease."
What? Why?
'Cause every year,
it's the same thing.
I offer advice,
he ignores my advice,
we fight, someone twists
an ankle while dancing --
we both have
very delicate ankles --
audition day comes,
he throws up,
doesn't get the part.
[ Sighs ] Oh, God.
And it breaks his heart.
And that breaks my heart.
I just
can't do it again.
I'm sorry.
I had no idea.
Also, I stress eat.
For every part he loses,
I gain 10 pounds.
Okay, well,
I obviously blew up a plan
that you have thought
a lot about,
so how about this?
I help Andy audition.
I don't know.
Come on!
I've been in school plays.
At St. Vincent's,
I was Mary, mother of Jesus,
in Stations of the Cross,
and I stole every scene
from Jesus.
[ Sighs ]
I just don't want you
to go through what I go through.
I won't. You're his dad.
You're too close.
Parents get so invested
when it's their own kids.
You saw the waterworks
at Bunny's recital.
You were crying, too.
Can I be
completely honest?
I faked it.
Shut up.
But you believed me
because I am a very good actor,
which means I can help Andy.
Plus, I want to keep you
nice and wiry.
All right, fine.
See, Bunny,
"Grease" is the story
of a bunch
of cool kids who,
they hate school
and love cars and love dancing.
Neat!
N-No. No.
"Grease" is
a story of a woman
forced to abandon
her individuality
and skank it up
in leather.
Neat!
We're going.
You're not allowed
to watch this.
Bunny: But now I want
to watch it even more!
Hey, Andy.
I'm on my way out --
Have a great night. Hold on.
I wanted to say,
um, your dad thinks
that I should maybe help you
with your audition
this year.
Oh, sweet.
Honestly,
Dad was holding me back.
Cool. All right,
we'll start tomorrow. See ya.
Actually, can I show you
something I've been working on?
Real quick.
I-I promise.
Go right ahead.
[ Clears throat ]
[ Chuckles softly ]
I'm ready.
Yeah, I'm just
psyching myself up.
Oh.
It's always different
in front of an audience.
Hmm.
Now I forgot my line.
[ Chuckles ]
Should we start tomorrow?
5:00? I'll come
straight from the office?
Great. Yeah, I'll be
way more polished by then.
Cool.
What have I gotten
myself into?
Hmm, let's see.
A pickle? A corner?
A bear trap
of failure and despair?
[ Laughing ] Yeah, the last one.
The last one for sure.
So since I couldn't remember
my lines from last night,
I thought I should
hold on to these.
Great. Let's hear it.
Hey, guys,
I had a great summer.
Okay.
Now, perform it.
Again?
Uh, yeah.
One more time. For me.
Hey, guys,
I had a great summer.
Go big.
Bigger than that?
Eh, you know,
I-I want to keep it grounded.
How about you go
as big as you can,
and then we'll just
turn it down from there?
[ Shouting ] Hey, guys,
I had a great summer!
You know what?
We don't need these today.
Let's forget these.
Today isn't about acting.
Today is about believing.
You have to believe
you are the part,
which is why I'm gonna throw
beanbags at you.
What? Uh, why?
To help you find your inner
greaser and bring him out.
Trust me.
This exercise worked
for Blake Griffin.
He didn't think
he could do TV ads
pimping Korean sedans,
but I did.
Box of beanbags later,
he's a star.
Of commercials.
All right. Well, let's go, then.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay. Now, remember,
you're not Andy.
You're a tough kid
from the '50s.
Yeah.
And every time you do
something cool, you get on a car
and you sing about it.
You're a greaser.
Andy, catch.
Whoo! [ Chuckles ]
Caught it. Yes.
No. You're not Andy.
You're a greaser.
Oh. Yeah.
So, Andy, catch.
Ow!
Sorry. But good.
Greaser, catch!
Greaser!
Andy!
No!
Greaser!
Now feed me that line.
Hey, guys,
I had a great summer!
Ah, damn right you did!
Now how you feeling,
Andy?
I don't know,
'cause I'm a greaser, not Andy!
Great. Okay, now the beanbag
part's over.
You can be Andy again.
[ Chuckles ]
Whoo! Was awesome.
See, that's the mindset you need
to land the lead role.
[ Door opens ]
For real?
You think -- You think
I should go for the lead?
[ Door closes ]
Of course.
Go big or go home!
Whoo!
[ Laughter ]
How's it going here?
Sounds like you guys
are having fun.
Well,
Alice thinks
I should go
for the lead in "Grease."
What do you think?
[ Mumbles ]
That's awesome, buddy.
Alice, can I see you?
Yeah.
The lead? You told him
he could be the lead?
He can't handle
not getting chorus.
How's he gonna handle it
when he doesn't get the lead?
If you aim low,
you h low.
If he aims for the lead,
he'll maybe get a line
or a character
with a name.
Okay, here's where
we're having a miscommunication.
He won't get
any of those things,
and he will cry
and I will eat.
You ever have nougat
covered in salty tears, Alice?
It's delicious.
Okay, you need to
relax and give it.
Mnh-mnh.
Give it.
Give...it.
Good. Good boy.
Andy is
going to be fine.
You are
We're all
going to be fine.
But you have to admit
he's improving already.
[ As John Travolta ]
Yo, Alice, let's do this.
Hey. See?
I think
that was Rocky.
Oh, right.
Oh, he's got more range
than I thought.
No.
[ Bell ringing ]
Boycott this audition!
Misogyny is their mission!
Sister,
rethink your choice here.
I hear you, but I really want
to be in a play.
Perfect, 'cause
I'm gonna write one...
with a strong
female protagonist!
The anti-"Grease."
I'll call it "Dawn"
'cause Dawn cuts grease.
Can I still wear
a poodle skirt?
I mean, [Chuckles]
most of my plays are kind of set
in a dystopian future,
but m-maybe, maybe.
Boycott this audition!
Misogyny is their mission!
Misogyny is th--
You're really doing this?
Yeah, Dora, and I know
it's not politically correct.
All the girls are hoes.
Whatever.
"Grease" is my destiny.
Alice:
Strut, strut.
Pivot, comb.
Hop, turn, comb.
Right. Bring it.
Strut, strut.
Uh, pivot, comb.
Oh.
Instantly bad.
Strut, strut,
hop, spin, comb.
More like skip, skip,
skip the audition.
No, J-JK, JK.
Seriously though,
we got a lot of work to do.
Try it again.
[ Stray Cats' "Rock This Town"
plays ]
Whoa. Ah!
Ah! Man down! Man down!
[ Laughs ]
* Well, my baby and me
went out late Saturday night *
* I had my hair piled high
* And my baby
just looked so right *
* Well, pick you up at 10
* Gonna get you home at 2
* Mama don't know
what I got in store for you *
* But that's all right
* We're looking
as cool as can be *
Hey...
**
One second.
* Well, we found
a little place *
* That really
didn't look half bad *
* I had a whiskey on the rocks
* And changed half a dollar
for the jukebox... *
Greaser,
greaser, greaser.
* I put a quarter
right into that can *
* But all they played
was disco, man *
* Come on, baby, baby, let's get
out of here right away *
* We're gonna rock this town
* Rock it inside out
Hey...
Yes!
Ooh.
[ Laughs ]
* Rock this town,
make 'em scream and shout *
* Let's rock, rock,
rock, man, rock *
Hey!
Sing!
* We're gonna rock till we pop
* We're gonna rock
till we drop *
* We're gonna rock this town
* Rock it inside out
* Whoo!
* Whoa
Okay, I'm gonna say
something crazy!
Not if I say
something crazy first.
Both:
I think Andy might get the lead!
[ Both scream ]
Okay,
we got to be cool.
We cannot get
inside Andy's head.
Let's not tell this
to anybody else.
Yeah,
that's on you.
I can't talk
to anyone else.
Hey, champ.
How you feeling?
Alice, uh, I know this
might sound crazy, but...
I think I got a shot
at the lead.
You got it in the bag!
I knew it.
[ Laughs ]
[ Chanting ]
Andy is the lead!
Both:
Andy is the lead.
Yeah!
All:
Andy is the lead!
Hey! Hey!
All:
Andy is the lead!
Whoo!
[ Distorted ]
Andy is the lead!
**
Hey, Alice.
Do you have any cigarettes?
What? No. Why?
That's a silly question.
I just
watched the movie again,
and at the end,
she smokes and gets a boyfriend.
Oh, well,
that movie is pretend,
and smoking
is bad for you.
That movie
Come see my play.
"Dawn: The Anti-Grease."
Date and time TBD.
Location TBD.
Cast and script TBD.
Hmm.
Guys. We need
to rehearse. Out.
Easy does it, daddy-o.
Okay,
let's warm up.
You got it, coach.
Hey, everybody.
Pop quiz.
Pop because I'm a dad
and because
you weren't expecting it.
We're kind of working here.
Pop quizzes are short.
Here goes.
Who is 5'10",
has frosted tips,
and a devil-may-care
attitude?
Duh.
It's Guy Fieri.
That wasn't even hard, Dad.
You know
he's my favorite thing on TV.
And this is your favorite shirt
in the world.
Oh, my God.
That is not --
that is not for me.
Is it for me,
Dad?
Not only this,
but I also got us tickets
to his meet-and-greet
at the Fry Your Face Off Fest
this weekend!
Stop!
Come on in,
the oil's fine.
That's really great, Ben,
but he can't make it.
He has his audition
this weekend.
Oh.
[ Inhales sharply ]
Oh, boy, I put you
in a tough spot, didn't I?
Let's button her up.
Oh, man.
I really love
Guy Fieri.
It's like which
pot of gold do I choose?
"Grease" or Guy?
How about we give him a second
alone to think about it.
If you think about it,
who loves grease more than Guy?
**
I cannot believe you.
I'm not telling him
he can't do it,
but if he chooses
not to do it, hey,
it's not my fault Guy Fieri's
a Crock-Pot of charisma.
Why are you trying
to derail him?
We have
a really good thing going.
He's doing great!
Okay, it's not just
about Andy anymore.
It's about you.
You're all in.
Don't take this
the wrong way,
but you're acting kind of...
parent-y.
How dare you.
You think he's gotten better
than he has.
[ Chuckles ]
That's classic parent-y feeling.
And when he doesn't
get the role,
you're both
gonna be devastated.
So you're doing this to protect
Andy's feelings and mine?
Yes. Trust me.
I know
how this story ends,
and it's not with
a convertible in the sky.
[ Laughs mockingly ]
I choose "Grease."
Not Guy's grease,
but the guy in "Grease."
Good. Let's get back
to rehearsal.
You got it. Aaayyh!
**
That was the Fonz.
They're basically
the same.
[ Rockabilly music plays ]
Today's the day.
And guess what?
Haven't thrown up once.
Not even a little
up-the-throat action?
Nope.
I'm ready for this.
You really are,
aren't you?
Yeah.
Dude,
I got to say,
I've never seen you
this confident.
Well, it's all thanks
to Alice.
She is the bee's knees.
That's greaser talk
for "cool."
"Cool" is also greaser talk
She is pretty cool,
isn't she?
Well,
I should get going.
I will text you later when
I get cast. [ Clicks tongue ]
[ Door opens, closes ]
No. Nope.
**
Still nothing from Andy?
Nope.
[ Groans ]
Are you even tasting that?
Nope.
Do you care?
[ Doorbell rings ]
[ Screams ]
He came to tell us
he got the part!
**
I came here to apologize.
I was wrong.
Ugh, this guy. I'm out.
So you do think
he'll get the part?
Oh, no.
Ben.
But that's
not the point.
[ Sighs ]
The point is, he left the
house today more confident
than I've ever seen,
and to me,
that's more important
than if he gets this part.
He will get the part.
Well,
agree to disagree.
And it's a good reminder for me
that I can be
a little overprotective
sometimes, so thank you.
M'kay.
Mm.
What is that,
caramel?
It's a new ChapStick
lotion thing that I use
on my face parts.
[ Phone buzzing ]
[ Gasps ] Finally!
Did he get it? Did
he get it? Did he
get it?!
Whatever happens here,
it's all gonna be okay.
[ Chuckles ]
I am a pro,
and this is
children's theater.
I will be fine.
[ Gasps ]
[ Sighs ]
I'm sorry, babe,
but you did
really great.
Andy couldn't
have been more --
No!
Okay, sweetie,
love the lung capacity.
We need
to calm down.
I don't believe this.
No lead role?
No speaking part?
No lines at all?!
Who got the lead, huh?
Who is it?
I'll take him out!
Oh, I will take him out!
We're going down to that school
and somebody's getting fired.
Today!
Slow down.
Take a breath.
Or we go subtle.
I'll call
this P.I. I know.
He'll find something
on that drama teacher.
Let the dirt
do the work.
Hey, hey, we're gonna go
comfort Andy, who, no doubt,
is a wreck right now, but I have
to point out what's happening --
you're being
super parent-y.
No, I am being
super professional
because I care
about my work.
Getting the teacher fired?
Would you do that
for one of your clients?
for Blake Griffin?
If I saw
how hard he worked
and he had something
taken away from him,
and he was a really great kid,
yes, I would!
Damn it!
**
[ Door closes ]
[ Sighs ]
Oh, Andy.
I know, but let's
keep perspective,
this isn't the worst thing
that's ever happened to him.
This is the worst thing
that has ever happened to me!
Andy, they don't know --
Oh, buddy --
Shh!
I've been such a tool
for the patriarchy,
making you
change for me?
A real man should love you
just the way you are.
I'm a greaser no more.
Oh, baby,
I'm so happy you turned
your back on society for me.
I'm going to work now,
where my pay is equal
to my male colleagues.
What the hell is going on?
Dora: Andy,
this is hard
for me to say
because you're my brother,
but...
that was amazing.
Really?
You are my post-feminist hero,
John Newton Olivia!
Can you believe that?
I'm John Newton Olivia!
Of course
I can believe it!
I'm so happy for you.
I know this wasn't
our original plan,
but after I crushed
that audition
and didn't even get
a small role,
I said, "Mr. Doyle,
screw you."
Yes.
Five minutes later,
I apologized.
I was raised right.
The man's got a lot
on his plate.
And now you got
your first lead.
First of many.
Easy.
Thank you, Alice. I-I couldn't
have done it without you.
Come on, I want to
get you fitted.
First dress
is in a week.
Also, you'll be wearing a dress
for the final number.
Cool.
[ Laughing ]
Oh, my God.
What...
a roller coaster.
I feel like I've had
a heart attack,
walked a tightrope,
and won the lottery,
all at the same time.
Uh-huh. There's a word
for those feelings --
parent-y. [ Chuckles ]
Ugh. All the children
have the power to do that?
Yep, even Dora.
Oh, boy.
Now I get
why you tried to stop me.
I'm glad I couldn't.
For the record, I may be
feeling a little parent-y,
but I did not cry.
No, you didn't.
I didn't.
**
* There's a long
list of things *
* That I like about you
* And appearance
is not numbers one *
* On through 22
* Some men like a woman
* With a sexy rear
Are you getting this?
Oh, I'm getting it.
Look at Bunny
with the spotlight
like a pro!
Ben: Right?
Said it was an important job
and I meant it.
[ Laughs ] Yeah.
He's a star!
Sure, of a garage play,
but still!
Whoo-hoo!
* Equal pay
I don't know
what I'm watching,
but I love it!
* Equal pay, equal pay
* Sha-la-la-la-la-la...
So, what'd you think
of the show?
I didn't like it as much
as the real "Grease."
But you liked it?
I guess.
What was
your favorite part?
I liked
that Andy wore a dress.
That was funny.
Oh, and I also liked the girl
forgot her lines and cried.
That was also funny.
But you...
you, like, get what
I was going for, right, Bunny?
What do you want me
to tell you, Dora?
You wrote a play
in three days,
you performed it
in our garage!
**